## How to Download and Install Modern Warfare 2 PC-DVD - [CODGlitch] Fitgirl Repack

 
![Modern Warfare 2 PC-DVD - \[CODGlitch\] Fitgirl Repack __FULL__](https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRzcx8cq9-iUrFZL1IU96jyGS3wkoUBUNZJGEO0u9dvHwNb1sMkb0gEGx8)

 
# How to Download and Install Modern Warfare 2 PC-DVD - [CODGlitch] Fitgirl Repack
  
If you are looking for a way to play the latest Call of Duty game on your PC without spending a fortune, you might be interested in Modern Warfare 2 PC-DVD - [CODGlitch] fitgirl repack. This is a compressed version of the original game that has been optimized for faster installation and better performance. In this article, we will show you how to download and install this repack, as well as some of its features and benefits.
 
## Modern Warfare 2 PC-DVD - [CODGlitch] fitgirl repack


[**DOWNLOAD**](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Furluso.com%2F2tKchC&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw10cOyJ4cTO23nUx67Tq9H7)

  
## What is Modern Warfare 2 PC-DVD - [CODGlitch] Fitgirl Repack?
  
Modern Warfare 2 PC-DVD - [CODGlitch] fitgirl repack is a repackaged version of Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, a 2022 first-person shooter game developed by Infinity Ward and published by Activision. It is a sequel to the 2019 reboot, and serves as the nineteenth installment in the overall Call of Duty series. It was released on October 28, 2022, for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5, Windows, and Xbox One and Xbox Series X/S[^2^].
  
Like its predecessor, the game takes place in a realistic and modern setting. The campaign follows British special forces unit Task Force 141 and Mexican Special Forces unit Los Vaqueros as they attempt to track down Iranian Quds Force major and terrorist Hassan Zyani. The game’s main playable characters are John “Soap” MacTavish and Kyle “Gaz” Garrick of Task Force 141[^2^]. The game also features a multiplayer mode that supports cross-platform multiplayer and a free-to-play battle royale mode, Warzone 2.0, a follow-up to the original Warzone[^2^].
  
The fitgirl repack is a compressed version of the original game that has been optimized for faster installation and better performance. It is based on three ISO releases: Call of Duty: Modern Warfare II Fitgirl Repacks (10,498,834,432 bytes), Call of Duty: Modern Warfare II + 2 DLC - FitGirl Repacks (40.6 GB), and Modern Warfare 2 PC-DVD - [CODGlitch] (42.9 GB)[^1^]. It has the following features:
  
- 100% Lossless & MD5 Perfect: all files are identical to originals after installation[^1^]
- NOTHING ripped, NOTHING re-encoded[^1^]
- Selective download feature: you can skip downloading and installing of unnecessary languages, multiplayer files and MW1 attract video[^1^]
- Significantly smaller archive size (compressed from cumulative 40.6 to 6.6~8.4 GB for any single language)[^1^]
- Installation takes ~30 minutes[^1^]
- After-install integrity check so you could make sure that everything installed properly[^1^]
- HDD space after installation: up to 50GB (~22 GB during installation)[^1^]
- Texts/GUI language can be changed in game launcher settings (Press CONFIRM before playing the game)[^1^]
- Dubbing language can be changed inside games[^1^]

## How to Download and Install Modern Warfare 2 PC-DVD - [CODGlitch] Fitgirl Repack?
  
To download and install Modern Warfare 2 PC-DVD - [CODGlitch] fitgirl repack, you will need a torrent client such as uTorrent or BitTorrent. You can download the torrent file from one of the following mirrors:

- 1337x | KAT [magnet] [.torrent file only] (MULTI4)[^1^]
- RuTor [magnet] ENG VO Only[^1^]
- Tapochek.net [magnet] ENG/RUS[^1^]
- Filehoster: MultiUpload (10+ hosters, interchangeable) (MULTI7)[^1^]
- Filehosters: DropArk + NitroFlare + 0f148eb4a0
